---
layout: page
title: About Me
---
h1=. Tan Chao

p>. Room 403 Building 17, 310 Fanghua Road, Shanghai, China 201204
Email: Tan.Chao.Hawk@gmail.com

h3. Executive Profile 

p{margin-left:30px}. Four years hands on Core Java and *J2EE web development*; solid experience on database (Oracle via *PLSQL*), including stored procedure and *optimization*; skilled in *front-end programming*; passion to learn new growing technologies, e.g. *Ruby on Rails* and HTML5; eager to be technical expert in application design and solution, to master optimization tools and best practices.

h3. Professional Experience

p{margin-left:30px}. *eBay Inc. - Release Engineer*								Jul. 2011 until now

p{margin-left:30px}. Developed automation tools and engineering platform to support release procedure for multi domain projects; managed QA and production environments; cooperated with USA and Indian team to support users from different levels with different rules; worked with build and configuration team to protect code.
Developed automatic tools to reduce manual work; reduced release train circle from one month to one week; implemented daily release for urgent and important rollouts.
Integrated with JIRA API service to send mail to BUG related QA and PD to accelerate release process; learnt *Lucene* and *JSoup* to implement Log Analyzer; written caching system for application, then implement *JCS*; redesigned front-end with *jQuery* and *HTML5*.

p{margin-left:30px}. *eBaoTech Corporation - Application Developer*				Jul. 2010 to Jul. 2011

p{margin-left:30px}. Consulted client in Singapore for one year in insurance firm, responsible for site reliability and application optimization; developed new features and discussed with BA from customer about system enhancement.
Received Excellence Award; leaded team English enhancement as English Master.
Developed GTS plugins to all existing business parts and reports, by *Core Java*, *Stored Procedure* and *Oracle Report*; optimized SQL and application.

p{margin-left:30px}. *Wonders Information Co. Ltd. - Software Engineer*			Jul. 2008 to Jul. 2010

p{margin-left:30px}. Developed Shanghai Gongshang Jinxin Projects; designed and implemented domain of project independently; participated in whole SDLC, including requirement discussion with clients, system design meeting, application development, functional test and maintenance; programed from back-end to front-end.
Received Annual Best Team award.
Experienced with *SSH* structure; skilled in *JavaScript and JSP*; familiar with *UML, Power Designer and Micro Soft Office tools*.

h3. Education

p{margin-left:30px}. *East China University of Science and Technology (211)*		Sep. 2004 to Jul. 2008

p{margin-left:30px}. Bachelor of Engineering in *Computer Science*
Graduate diploma in *Finance*
